LBAC for datasources: doc improvements (#92872)
grafana/grafana: docs/sources/administration/data-source-management/teamlbac/_index.md

{{< admonition type="note" >}}
Creating Team LBAC rules is available for preview for logs with Loki in Grafana Cloud.
Report any unexpected behavior to the Grafana Support team.

> The feature is under `teamHttpHeaders` for reasons of the feature using headers for the requests to send the lbac rules.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To use Team LBAC rules you must enable the `teamHttpHeaders` feature toggle because the feature uses HTTP headers for the LBAC rules requests.
```
